Document Zephyr 3 build errors (#1214)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/docs/troubleshooting.md

An error along the lines of `CMake Error at (zmk directory)/zephyr/cmake/generic_toolchain.cmake:64 (include): include could not find load file:` during firmware compilation indicates that the Zephyr Environment Variables are not properly defined.
For more information, click [here](../docs/development/setup.md#environment-variables).

> ### West build errors

Reviewer: The other headings use title-case, whereas this one currently doesn't:

<img width="250" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60922914/161935459-11cd74a3-1041-4fb5-b7a2-a52af9453704.png">

```suggestion
### West Build Errors
```

Author: @dxmh Don't apologise, and thank you for the meticulous review!

> West build errors usually indicates syntax problems in the `<shield>.keymap` file in the compilation process. The following are some examples and root causes.

Reviewer: I suggest `<keyboard>.keymap` instead of `<shield>.keymap` as this applies to _boards_ as well as _shields_:

```suggestion
West build errors usually indicate syntax problems in the `<keyboard>.keymap` file during the compilation process. The following are some examples and root causes.
```

(Couple of other very minor suggestions there too…)

:::note
If you are reviewing these errors in the GitHub Actions tab, they can be found in the `West Build` step of the build process.
:::

#### devicetree error

> A `devicetree error` followed by a reference to the line number on `<shield>.keymap` refers to an issue at the exact line position in that file. For example, below error message indicates a missing `;` at line 109 of the `cradio.keymap` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `devicetree error` followed by a reference to the line number on `<keyboard>.keymap` refers to an issue at the exact line position in that file. For example, below error message indicates a missing `;` at line 109 of the `cradio.keymap` file:
```

```
devicetree error: /__w/zmk-config/zmk-config/config/cradio.keymap:109 (column 4): parse error: expected ';' or ','
```

#### devicetree_unfixed.h error

> A `devicetree_unfixed.h` error that follows with an "undeclared here" string indicates a problem with key bindings, like behavior nodes (e.g. `&kp` or `&mt`) with incorrect number of key bindings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `devicetree_unfixed.h` error that follows with an "undeclared here" string indicates a problem with key bindings, like behavior nodes (e.g. `&kp` or `&mt`) with incorrect number of parameters:
```

```
/__w/zmk-config/zmk-config/build/zephyr/include/generated/devicetree_unfixed.h:3756:145: error: 'DT_N_S_keymap_S_symbol_layer_P_bindings_IDX_12_PH_P_label' undeclared here (not in a function); did you mean 'DT_N_S_keymap_S_symbol_layer_P_bindings_IDX_16_PH'?
```

> The error string `DT_N_S_keymap_S_symbol_layer_P_bindings_IDX_12_PH_P_label` indicates a key binding syntax problem on position `12` in the `symbol_layer` of the keymap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, the error string `DT_N_S_keymap_S_symbol_layer_P_bindings_IDX_12_PH_P_label` indicates a problem with the key binding in position `12` in the `symbol_layer` of the keymap.
```

An error along the lines of `CMake Error at (zmk directory)/zephyr/cmake/generic_toolchain.cmake:64 (include): include could not find load file:` during firmware compilation indicates that the Zephyr Environment Variables are not properly defined.
For more information, click [here](../docs/development/setup.md#environment-variables).

### West build errors

> West build errors usually indicates syntax problems in the `<shield>.keymap` file in the compilation process. These errors

Reviewer 2: I think this sentence is cut off by mistake here.

:::note
If you are reviewing these errors in the GitHub Actions tab, they can be found in the `West Build` step of the build process.
:::

#### devicetree error

> A `devicetree error` followed by a reference to the line number on `<shield>.keymap` refers to an issue at the exact line position in that file. For example, this indicates a missing `;`:

Reviewer 2: There is some repetition here that can be improved, e.g. the sentence after the code block can be removed if this sentence is worded as below:
```suggestion
A `devicetree error` followed by a reference to the line number on `<shield>.keymap` refers to an issue at the exact line position in that file. For example, below error message indicates a missing `;`at line 109 of the `cradio.keymap` file:
```

> A `devicetree error` followed by a reference to the line number on `<shield>.keymap` refers to an issue at the exact line position in that file. For example, below error message indicates a missing `;`at line 109 of the `cradio.keymap` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A `devicetree error` followed by a reference to the line number on `<shield>.keymap` refers to an issue at the exact line position in that file. For example, below error message indicates a missing `;` at line 109 of the `cradio.keymap` file:
```
Sorry, missed a space there.
